cmake: optimize dependencies with sc-machine (#20)
ostis-ai/ostis-metasystem: docs/dev/codestyle.md

> When writing code, we use [sc-machine coding standard](https://ostis-ai.github.io/sc-machine/dev/codestyle/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We ensure that the ostis-metasystem project adheres to the [sc-machine codestyle standard](https://ostis-ai.github.io/sc-machine/dev/codestyle/).
```
